Welcome to Net Viewer. Net Viewer is a Bookmark, Password,
and EMail Organizer. Database Tables are used allowing
for large amounts of data with rapid access. Web Page
addresses are easily saved in Net Viewer's Database by
dragging the address from any browser's address bar to
the Web Page table. You can also drag ans drop form the
browser's favorites or bookmarks. You can also use Cut and
Paste.All your passwords for different web sites are
organized by Web Site using Net Viewer. Just drag and drop
the web page address from any browser's address bar to the
table on the Password Tab. You can create lists of Web Pages
to be loaded at once or by schedule. This also allows another
way to organize Web Pages other than by group, priority and
Search Words. You can set up email accounts and save email
with attachments to the email database. When installing Net
Viewer to Windows, if user controls are active, be sure to
run as an administrator or install Net Viewer to your
User Library. You have a separate list for search engines,
or top favorites on the Internet Tab. You can assign icons
and enter descriptions. There is also a List tab that allows
you to create lists of Web Sites or Web Pages, and set to
run at a chosen time. Folders with Urls and Url Lists can be
easily Transfered to and from Net Viewer and Net Viewer Lite
running on Windows, OSX, iOS, and Android.

The Web Page Database allows you to save all your favorites
or bookmarks independent of web browser. Previous versions
of Net Viewer interacted with Internet Explorer. Now,
Net Viewer launches Web Pages using your default browser.
Bookmark collection has been simplified for other browsers.
To collect bookmarks or favorites, run Net Viewer along
with your browser. Drag the web page address or URL from
the address field at the top of the browser to Net Viewers
Table Grid. You can also drag Urls from the favorite or
bookmark managers to Net Viewer adding to the database. The
Internet Tab is a starting place for adding URLs. You can
Drag and Drop Favorites or URLs onto the list. You can
use this table for Search Engines or most visited Web Pages.
You can add these web pages to the URL Database Table by
clicking the Down Arrow button on the left of the window.
You can click the right mouse button after selecting an
item on the list to change the Icon or Edit the description.

The First Tab displays your Internet Explorer Favorites on the
left, and general setting maintenance on the right. You can Export
Favorites to the Database Bookmarks, and import selected Bookmarks
back to Windows Internet Explorer Favorites. Select whether you
want to create Folders for Database Bookmarks, Passwords, or EMail.
You can create and delete Groups or Categories for organization, and
maintain a list of Search Engines. Click the Add (+) button on
the Toolbar to create a Folder, or New Group. Drag and Drop the
Search Engine URL from your Browser Address Field to the Search List
to Add a new search Url to the Database. With the addition of
Folders and Folders within Folders, Bookmarks, Passwords, and
Saved EMail, can all placed within a Folder. Folders can be
Bookmarks or EMail. Folders marked for Bookmarks are also visible
for Passwords. You can also attach your own Icon to the Folder.
Groups or Categories for web sites. Click the Add button on the
left (plus sign) to create a new group. Enter the group
name and description and click the Save button. Groups are
used by Bookmarks, Web Sites with Passwords, and lists. Priorities
can also be assigned to Web Pages and Lists of Web Pages. Urls
can be added to the Bookmark Table by dragging the link from the
webbrowser Address bar at the top of the Browser window, or from
the browser favorites or bookmarks. You can also, click the Add
button (plus sign) near the lower left of Net Viewer, and
cut and paste the URL in the URL field. Be sure to click
the Save button (blue diskette icon). You can also delete
web pages from the bookmarks. The Web Page source can be
extracted and placed in the memo field. Search words are also
available for a bookmark record. Right clicking the mouse
button will display a menu with options to sort the bookmarks
by name, group, priority, etc. Folders for Urls and EMail
are selected from the list of Folders. Click Save button to Save.

The Password Tab is similar to the Bookmarks, except you can
add password and User ID for Web Sites that require passwords.
To view the password entered, double click on the password
field. User IDs and passwords can be cut and paste into the
web page. Web pages with passwords are collected as Bookmarks.
Drag and Drop the Web Page address from the address bar or
bookmark manager, to the password table at the top of the
window. You can also click the Add button to enter the information.
A Company field is also available on the password tab. You
can sort the web Page Password Table by right clicking the
mouse, displaying a menu with sort options. Clicking the
HTML button (last button) will display source code for the
web page in the memo box.

The List Tab provides another way of organizing Web Pages. You
must create a list before adding Web Pages. All web pages or
web sites on the list can be loaded at one time or scheduled
to run at a given time while Net Viewer is active. Click the Add
button (plus sign, lower left) to create a new List. Enter
the List Name and description. You can also select a group and
priority for the list. The list can be assigned an icon that is
displayed in the left corner. Comments about the list can be
entered in the Comments box. Click the Save button (diskette) to
finalize entry. The Delete button (trash can) will delete the
list. If you be a message about not being in edit mode, click
the edit button (table) before saving the list. Click the run
button, to load all web pages on the list. If you have lists
scheduled to run, loading lists automatically can be shut off
in the Options window without changing the schedule settings.
Removing the time to run the list will also prevent the list
from loading. Drag Web Page Addresses from your browser's address
bar at the top of the window, or from Bookmarks and Favorites to
the table at the bottom of the List Tab. These can also be
deleted using the bottom Delete button.

You can Send and Receive EMail using the EMail Tab. You must first
setup your email accounts in the Setup Window. Click the Setup
button to display a window allowing entry of email account
information. EMail Account Setup is divided between POP3 Server
for EMail Received, and SMTP Server to Send EMail. Enter the
EMail Address and click the EMail button to copy the EMail
Address to the appropriate fields. Give the EMail Account
a name you can sue to retrieve account information. Enter the
POP3 Server address. For example, if your internet service
provider is AT&T, the POP3 Server address is pop.att.yahoo.com.
The SMTP Server address for AT&T DSL is smtp.att.yahoo.com.
Be sure to click the Save button when finished. To add more
EMail Accounts or EMail addresses, click the Add button. To
Delete an EMail Account, use Next or Prior button to locate
the EMail Account Record, then click the Delete button.

The From and To EMail addresses can be setup in the Options
Tab. Click on the Receive button to Receive EMail for
the accounts setup. Click the New button to create a New EMail.
Click the Send button to Send the EMail. You also have Reply
and Forward options for Received EMail. You can send and
receive attachments for an email. Click on the Add or Delete
button near the Attachment List to Add or Delete Attachments
for an email to be sent. You can Save an attachment to
a folder by clicking the Save button for an attachment
sent to you. Click on the EMail in the Table to display. Click
the Save button to save email and saved attachments into
Net Viewer's EMail Database.

The Saved EMail Table Tab allows you to saved many emails
over the years, while easily sorting and selecting specific
emails to view. Clicking on an email in the list will display
detail of that email. If attachments were saved on the email
tab, their locations will be saved in the database with the
email. The attachments are displayed for each email in the
table below the message. Clicking on the attachment record
will display the attachment if possible. Right Click the
mouse on the EMail TreeView and you have several options.
You can sort the email by From email address, To Email
address, sent or received, message date, etc. You can select
the filter option to select emails between a date range, or
between a letter range on the from email address. Click on
the Set EMail with unique Icon to select an icon, bitmap, or
JPG to display with the message. You can also delete the
EMail from the database by selecting this menu option.

You can print Bookmarks, Password Bookmarks, Lists, and saved
EMail using Net Viewer. Click on the Reports button on
the toolbar to display a window allowing you to make Report
Selections. You can Print a Report of Bookmarks, Password
Web Sites, Lists or EMail. You can print these items by
date range and Alphabetical range by URL Name. Click OK
to Print the Report or Cancel to Close the Report Window.

Net Viewer has several options that can be set for different
Users. You can select a general style for windows on the
first Tab, enter startup information on the second Tab,
and EMail settings on the third Tab. You can pick between
15 or more Styles. Click on a Style and click OK or another
Options Tab. The Options Tab has entry fields for Startup
List, Web Page URL, and icon selections. You can select
grid lines and enable scheduled lists to run. It may be
necessary to disable the scheduled lists from time to time,
so this option is available. You can enter a from EMail
Address, but the Configured EMail address will be used most
of the time. You can enter up to 10 To EMail Addresses that
can be set to automatically fill the To Address Fields for
sending EMail.

Since so many EMails can acculumate in the Saved EMail Table,
You will need to be able to select out a range of emails
for viewing and printing. Right clicking the mouse button
after selecting an EMail on the Saved EMail List, will
dispaly a menu with the option to restrict the emails to the
range selected. You can select by a Date Range, From email
address alphabetical range, and select by emails received or
sent.

It is easy to setup your email using Net Viewer. Click
the Setup button on the email Tab. A window will appear,
allowing you to create an EMail account. You can have any
number of EMail Accoounts, and send and receive email
separately using different accounts. First, enter your
email address for the email account you are going to use.
This service works for email that is not webmail. If you
have a separate program for email rather than your
web browser to receive your email, Net Viewer will be
able to retrieve your email. You must provide your
email address, User ID, password, pop and smtp server
names. The POP and SMTP Server names are provided by
your internet service. For example, AT&T is
pop.att.yahoo.com and smtp.att.yahoo.com. You can click
add to add another EMail Address. Be sure to click
the Save button to finalize the information entered.
Click the OK button to select an email address to
send and receive mail.

Net Viewer requires a User Log on, since EMail and
Passwords are stored. The User Samples is standard
with Net Viewer requiring no password to sign on.
Just click the Ok button, when Samples is used to
sign on. It is easy to create new users by clicking
the New User button.

Creating a New User is easy using Net Viewer. The
New User requires a User ID, but password is optional.
If you use a password you must reenter the password
for confirmation. You must also check the Use Password
checkbox. Click the OK button to save the information.
Click Cancel to return to the current User.

Use the User Update to change the Password for a User ID.
You must first sign onto the Users Window, click on
a User, then click on the change button. A small
window will appear, where you can change the password.
You must confirm by retyping the password, and click
the use password Checkbox to activate. Click the
OK button to Finalize.

You can keep from and to email contacts in this
brief email address book. Enter a first and/or
Last Name in the first space at the top of the
window, and the email address on the right. Click
the Save button at the bottom of the window.
You can also delete an address by selecting a
contact address and clicking the Delete button.
Clicking the Select button will add the contact
email to the To Address on the EMail Tab.

Net Viewer was first written in June, July, and August
of 1999. The primary purpose of the program is to help
you organize your web sites, save passwords for web sites,
and E-Mail web site links to friends over the internet.
Version 1.5 added cosmetic changes in September of 1999.
Version 1.7 was completed in December of 1999 which included
enhancements to the URL Browser, an HTML browser, and an
HTTP and FTP extractor from the current Web Site. Version
2.0 was completed in December of 1999. Appearance was somewhat
improved with addition of small features such as multimedia
listing on the Link to other Web Site window. A function
to copy web sites to other User profiles was added. Version
2.5 was written in March and April of 2000. Multi document
interface for the data browsers was added with cosmetic
enhancements. Version 2.6 added the Web Sites by Icon assignment
in August 2000. Net Viewer was upgraded to version 3.0
in December of 2000, and January of 2001. New Dockable Toolbars
were added, improved Import of Favorites with Tree Diagram
View of Window's and Internet Explorer Favorites. A Hierarchal
Tree Diagram Viewer window for the database web site locations,
and support for file attachments when sending and receiving
E-Mail using Zip File Format was also added. Version 3.1 added
some small functions as Add current E-Mail Address to the User
Address Book. Allow the launch of a new window from
the Browser Link when using the Internal Browser, and
a button to toggle between Net Viewer Windows was also
added. Net Viewer version 4.0 was release in late summer
of 2003. The ability to surf up to 25 Internet Explorer
Windows at once, New easier to use Interface, and share
and exchange Database Information with other Users on
the local area network. Version 4.1 expanded to 50
Internet Explorer Windows. Net Viewer was rewritten in Delphi
2009 from September 2009 until December 2009. Version 5
was released in January of 2010. A new interface was created
and any number of Internet Explorer Windows can be used
to collect URLs. In November of 2010, version 5.1 was released.
URL Organizational enhancements, and interface improvements
were made. Version 6 was completed in Fall of 2011. Storage
of HTML source in Memo Field per URL and Password URL was
added. Net Viewer Inquiry is also a new addition, plus interface
improvements are included in version 6. Version 7 replaced
the MS MAPI Active X with Indy 10 POP3 and SMTP Server
components. This allows email access without loading
any external Email programs. After other interface
improvements, version 7 was released in June of 2012. Net Viewer
8 was rewritten in Delphi FireMonkey 2 in January of 2013. All
components native to FireMonkey were used. Net Viewer 9 was
released in January of 2015. Folders were added for Urls, Passwords,
and Saved EMail. You can now import your Windows Url Favorites into
Net Viewer's Url Database. Net Viewer's Urls can be exported to
Windows. Net Viewer's interface has been improved by the use
of Tiles instead of Grids. It is now possible to share Folders
with Urls, and Url Lists with Net Viewer Lite (All Versions) and
Net Viewer running on the Local Area Network. Net Viewer 9
was written and compiled using Delphi XE 7 FireMonkey. Net Viewer 9.2
was released in December of 2017 with Interface Improvements. (DX10.2.1).










